[tutorial] consistent voice (#4700)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/tutorial/2-pages/2.mdx

> Now that you have built pages using `.astro` files, you'll make some blog posts using `.md` files!

Author: ```suggestion
Now that you have built pages using `.astro` files, it's time to make some blog posts using `.md` files!
```
